v2 (#1)
vimcar/backend-challenge-trip-extraction: v2/readme.md

# Vimcar Coding Challenge: Trip Extraction

One of Vimcar's successful products is the digital logbook. The purpose
of a logbook is to maintain a complete, consistent list of all trips a 
vehicle has made over time. 

There are many different use-cases for this, one of them is taxation. 
Our customers e.g. maintain a logbook, to keep track of how many trips were 
made privately and how many kilometers were driven in a business context.

## The trip extraction

> The central pice of the logbook is the trip extraction, the process of detecting movement 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The central piece of the logbook is the trip extraction, the process of detecting movement 
```

> in the gps data and determinging when a vehicle starts and stops moving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the gps data and determining when a vehicle starts and stops moving.
```

When driving from A to B, a user will probably have interruptions like stopping at red lights, 

> traffic jams, tunels.  The expected behaviour is to have one trip accounting for 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
traffic jams, tunnels.  The expected behaviour is to have one trip accounting for 
```

the whole journey, and not broken trips like from A to first red light etc.

GPS technology has some limitations which the trip extraction should account for. 

> Within cities, the accuracy of GPS can be below 15 meters and the GPS position might even "jump", 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within cities, location precision may be poorer than 15 meters and the GPS position might even "jump", 
```

> due to bad reception caused by reflections on building. There are places where is not gps signal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
due to bad reception caused by reflections on building. There are places whithout gps signal
```

> like tunels and undregraound parkings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like tunnels and underground parking lots.
```

## The task

> Your challange is to write a simplified version of the trip extraction program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your challenge is to write a simplified version of the trip extraction.
```

For the trip extraction use the following logic:

> - The trip start conditions is: a stopped vehicle leaves a circle of 20 meters diameter 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The trip start condition is: a stopped vehicle leaves a circle of 20 meters diameter 
```

> around it's rest position.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
around its' rest position.
```

> - The trip end conditions is: a moving vehicle remains within a circle of 20 meters 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The trip end condition is: a moving vehicle remains within a circle of 20 meters 
```

diameter for longer than 5 minutes.
- Small distances of less than 10 meters between waypoints should be ignored.
- Large distances in a short time, more than 10 km/minute between waypoints should be also ignored.

> The input is supplied in a file and contains of a list of Waypoints, this is the gps information 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input is supplied in a file and contains a list of Waypoints, this is the gps information 
```

> collected for one vehicle. A waypoints has the following structure. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
collected for one vehicle. Waypoints have the following structure:
```

- `timestamp` – string, a timestamp in ISO 8601 format
- `lat` – float, Latitude of the GPS coordinate (WGS84)
- `lng` – float, Longitude of the GPS coordinate (WGS84)

The output is a list of Trips. A trip contains the start and end locations and the distance driven.
A trip has the following structure. 

- `start` – object, the start of the trip in Waypoint schema (see above)
- `end` – object, the end of the trip in Waypoint schema (see above)
- `distance` – int, the distance of the trip in meters

The distance is the the sum of all distances between the individual waypoints of the trip and has to be 
calculated.

## Evaluation

> The focus of the evaluation will be clean, readable and tested code, which follows best practises.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The focus of the evaluation will be clean, readable and tested code, which follows best practices.
```
